CodePen link: https://codepen.io/mike-kochis/pen/bGgrjeo

<!-- Questions to Submit in today's file first-lastname.txt --> 
<!--
Copy the questions below into the first-lastname.txt file on your github repo - answer each question and then push your changes. 

    1. What is Semantic HTML? 
    Semantic HTML is when the tag matches the element type to be displayed.

    2. What is HTML used for? 
    HTML controls the contents of the web page.

    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
    An attribute, placed inside the tag <p example="value">

    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
    h1 is the main page header; although you CAN add multiples, best practice is only once.
 
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
    a, img

    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
    Information about the document itself, such as title and scripts.

    7. What is an id? 
    ID is a (best practice) unique identifier for a specific element.

    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
    Body element and its children.

    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
    Real limit: as many as you want; best practice, only once.

    10. What is a class? 
    Class is one or more titles, which are generally used to attach CSS styling to.

    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
    Body element and its children.

    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
    Once per element.

    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
    target="_blank"

    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
    Text that displays if the image cannot.

    15. How do I reference an id?
    #id-name

    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
    Section is Semantic HTML, div is not.

    17. What is CSS used for? 
    Styling of elements to be displayed.

    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
    h2 {}

    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
    Multiple classes per element, multiple elements may have class, id is 1:1 with specified element.

    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
    .class-name
    .class-name, .class-name-other for multiples

    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
    p.human {}

    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
    Parent is the class containing a specified element, not covered in class.

    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
    div.sidebar a {}

    24. What is a pseudo selector?
    Only when the element is in a specific state, such as :hover for when the mouse is over element.

    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
    line-height

    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
    letter-spacing

    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
    text-transform: uppercase; lowercase; capitalize.

    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
    div {
        border: 1px dotted black;
    }

    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
    body {}

    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
    // one line comment
    /*
    multiple line comment
    */

    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line?
    pwd for DIRECTORY

    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
    ls

    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this? 
    rm <filename>, there is no undo function

    34. Why should I use version control? 
    Ability to restore to a working code state.

    35. How often should I commit to github?
    20 minutes, or when a major feature works.

    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
    git push -u origin <branch-name>

    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
    I voluntarily fail this question.

Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely? 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the "fix" for the box model, in other words, how do we make all elements respect the width we've given them? 



   --> 